Some advantages of enums are that the numeric values are automatically assigned, that a debugger may be able to display the symbolic values when enum variables are examined, and that they obey block scope. (A compiler may also generate nonfatal warnings when enums and ints are indiscriminately mixed, since doing so can still be considered bad style even though it is not strictly illegal). A disadvantage is that the programmer has little control over the size (or over those nonfatal warnings).

It depends on what you need the value for. You (and everyone else so far) omitted the third alternative:

    static const int var = 5;
    #define var 5
    enum { var = 5 };

Ignoring issues about the choice of name, then:

    If you need to pass a pointer around, you must use (1).
    Since (2) is apparently an option, you don't need to pass pointers around.
    Both (1) and (3) have a symbol in the debugger's symbol table - that makes debugging easier. It is more likely that (2) will not have a symbol, leaving you wondering what it is.
    (1) cannot be used as a dimension for arrays at global scope; both (2) and (3) can.
    (1) cannot be used as a dimension for static arrays at function scope; both (2) and (3) can.
    Under C99, all of these can be used for local arrays. Technically, using (1) would imply the use of a VLA (variable-length array), though the dimension referenced by 'var' would of course be fixed at size 5.
    (1) cannot be used in places like switch statements; both (2) and (3) can.
    (1) cannot be used to initialize static variables; both (2) and (3) can.
    (2) can change code that you didn't want changed because it is used by the preprocessor; both (1) and (3) will not have unexpected side-effects like that.
    You can detect whether (2) has been set in the preprocessor; neither (1) nor (3) allows that.

So, in most contexts, prefer the 'enum' over the alternatives. Otherwise, the first and last bullet points are likely to be the controlling factors — and you have to think harder if you need to satisfy both at once.


