1. Pointer to constant.
	Pointer to constant can be declared in following two ways.
	const int *ptr;
           (or)
	int const *ptr;
We can change pointer to point to any other integer variable, but cannot change value of object (entity) pointed using pointer ptr. Pointer is stored in read-write area (stack in present case). Object pointed may be in read only .

2. Constant pointer to variable.
 int *const ptr;
Above declaration is constant pointer to integer variable, means we can change value of object pointed by pointer, but cannot change the pointer to point another variable.

3. constant pointer to constant
   const int *const ptr;
   Above declaration is constant pointer to constant variable which means we cannot change value pointed by pointer as well as we cannot 
   point the pointer to other variable.


Constant Pointer:
Lets first understand what a constant pointer is. A constant pointer is a pointer that cannot change the address its holding. In other words, we can say that once a constant pointer points to a variable then it cannot point to any other variable.


Pointer to Constant:
As evident from the name, a pointer through which one cannot change the value of variable it points is known as a pointer to constant. These type of pointers can change the address they point to but cannot change the value kept at those address.

Constant Pointer to a Constant:
If you have understood the above two types then this one is very easy to understand as its a mixture of the above two types of pointers. A constant pointer to constant is a pointer that can neither change the address its pointing to and nor it can change the value kept at that address.

static variables are those variables whose life time remains equal to the life time of the program.
In C, static variables can only be initialized using constant literals. Intialiser element should be constant,it should not be an expression or function call.
 A static variables or functions have internal linkage. An internal linkage variables or functions are visible to the file where it has declared.







 No 	Macro	Function
1	Macro is Preprocessed	Function is Compiled
2	No Type Checking	Type Checking is Done
3	Code Length Increases	Code Length remains Same
4	Use of macro can lead to side effect	No side Effect
–	
5	Speed of Execution is Faster	Speed of Execution is Slower
6	Before Compilation macro name is replaced by macro value	During function call , Transfer of Control takes place
7	Useful where small code appears many time	Useful where large code appears many time
8	Generally Macros do not extend beyond one line	Function can be of any number of lines
9	Macro does not Check Compile Errors	Function Checks Compile Errors
